Add action steps outline for community chapter (#66)
merely-useful/r-rse: chapters/10-community-involvement.Rmd

- NEWS file
- reprex

## Outline of action steps

This chapter is very description-heavy with minimal code.

- Creating a welcoming community with welcoming materials

> <!-- I grouped reprex and NEWS with the README because they seem related to the general welcoming presentation of a project, but they could go elsewhere. -->

Reviewer: I initially waffled about where to place NEWS and reprex, but I think the way you've framed it here is great. I am wondering about the interactions between this README explanation and other places where we discuss documentation?

Author: True, right now README is first introduced in [chapter 8](https://github.com/merely-useful/r-rse/blob/main/chapters/08-documentation.Rmd) I believe. Maybe in this chapter the focus should be more about how to make an existing README welcoming, whereas in chapter 8 it's about putting in a README right from the beginning.

Reviewer 2: Definitely agree!

>   - Text: the purpose of a README and what goes into one ([Mozilla reference](https://mozilla.github.io/open-leadership-training-series/articles/opening-your-project/write-a-great-project-readme/), [R packages reference](https://r-pkgs.org/release.html#readme)).

Author: @k8hertweck, how about this more specific language around modifying a README to be welcoming? 

```suggestion
  - Text: making your README welcoming and easy to understand ([Mozilla reference](https://mozilla.github.io/open-leadership-training-series/articles/opening-your-project/write-a-great-project-readme/), [R packages reference](https://r-pkgs.org/release.html#readme)).
```

  - Text: making your project easy to use and understand with reproducible examples. `reprex`: not just for bug reports!
  - Code: use the `reprex` package to create a minimal reproducible example
  - Text: using a NEWS file ([reference](https://r-pkgs.org/release.html#news))
  - Code: `usethis::use_news_md()`
- Code of Conduct
  - Text: inclusivity, safety, the purpose of a Code of Conduct and what goes into one ([reference](https://mozilla.github.io/open-leadership-training-series/articles/building-communities-of-contributors/write-a-code-of-conduct/)).
  - Code: `usethis::use_code_of_conduct()`
- Contributing guidelines
  - Text: the purpose of Contributing guidelines and what they can contain ([reference](https://mozilla.github.io/open-leadership-training-series/articles/building-communities-of-contributors/write-contributor-guidelines/)). Emphasize that the different sections are quite project-specific (i.e. your project might not use communication channels outside of GitHub).
  - Code: `usethis::use_tidy_contributing()`

> - Licensing

Reviewer: I think we should move licensing up to above contributing guidelines; licenses are for folks to know how to use AND contribute to software, so then the flow of the chapter would continue to narrow down in scope.
